## Feel Extensions
This repository contains community-created extensions for Feel, More Mountains' bestselling game feel solution, [available on the Unity Asset Store](http://u3d.as/2acD?aid=1011lKhG). These extensions can be anything, from an alternate take on an existing feedback, to brand new ones, or new ways to improve your game's juice.

## Contents
* **Blendshape Feedback**, _by Kitbashery_: Blendshape animation feedback component under Rendering/Blendshape
* **CinemachineExtensions**: Feedbacks and shakers intended to work with Cinemachine components that aren't covered by the Impulse feedback.
* **CollisionManager**, _by Dravish_: Collision Helper and Manager (see readme in directory)
* **DamageNumbersProFeedback**, _by AlexanderGheorghe_: feedback for spawning DamageNumbersPro's DamageNumber prefabs. if using this as a damage feedback in Corgi or TopDown engine, check the FeedbackIsProportionalToDamage option in the Health component
* **DOTweenPro Feedbacks**, _by Anton_: will let you play/play backwards/rewind/pause/restart/complete/kill both DOTween animations and DOTween paths
* **FlareLight2D**, _by Jaron_: will turn a light on or off based on its proximity to the player
* **FMODEventFeedback**, _by Kaizen_ / ZURIEL: will let you play a FMOD event
* **MMFeedbackLight2D**, _by Jaron_: this feedback lets you control the color and intensity of a 2D Light in your scene for a certain duration (or instantly)
* **MMSoundManagerSoundVolumeSlider**, _by Marshall_: this class can be added to a UI slider to control the volume of a specific sound via the MMSoundManager
* **PulsateLight2D**, _by Jaron_: lets a 2D light pulsate over time
* **RandomChoiceFeedback**, _by Daniil_: allows to randomly enable single feedback or feedback group, while disabling others in runtime
* **REWIRED Rumble Feedback**, _by ZURIEL: will let you rumble a REWIRED Joystick, including duration, intensity and 1 or both motors
* **Rigidbody Extension**, _by Kitbashery_: Extended Rigidbody feedback to support pooled projectiles.
* **VisualEffect**, _by whyat_: a feedback to control a Visual Effect as generated by a Visual Effect asset via the VFX Graph
* **Master Audio**, _by EremesNG_: a feedback to trigger Master Audio events such as Play Sound, Group Control, Playlist
  Control, Bus Control, etc.

## Why aren't these in Feel directly?
Because they weren't created by Renaud, the creator of Feel, and because Feel tries to remain simple to use. And just pouring features into it (as cool as they may be) wouldn't be such a great idea, and because Feel is meant to be extended upon, and these extensions are great examples of that.

## Do I need to pay something? Give credit?
No you don't, it's all free to use. Feel free to give credit to their creators though (they'll mention that in the class' comments if they want to).

## Are more extensions coming? Can I contribute?
Absolutely, contributions are always welcome. If you want to contribute, drop me a line using [the form on this page](https://feel.moremountains.com/feel-contact), or create a pull request on this very repository.

## Hey this extension is not working!
You'd need to contact the creator of the extension if they've put their contact info in the class somewhere. If not, not much I can do, I won't provide support for these.
